Require Java 17 or newer (#7355)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2024/06/2024-06-11-require-java-17.adoc

https://pkg.jenkins.io/debian/[Debian]:: `update-alternatives --config java`
https://pkg.jenkins.io/redhat/[Red Hat]:: `alternatives --config java`
https://pkg.jenkins.io/opensuse/[openSUSE]:: `update-alternatives --config java`

Alternatively, users who do not wish to change the default version of Java can customize the `JAVA_HOME` or `JENKINS_JAVA_CMD` environment variable as part of the Jenkins `systemd(1)` service unit.
Refer to the link:/doc/book/system-administration/systemd-services/[Managing systemd services] section of the Jenkins documentation for more information.

== Reporting issues

If you find a regression in a plugin, please file a bug report in Jira:

* https://issues.jenkins.io/browse/JENKINS-67907[JENKINS-67907: Java 17 Phase 3: Require Java 17 or newer]

When reporting an issue, include the following information:

. Use the https://issues.jenkins.io/browse/JENKINS-67907[JENKINS-67907] epic.
. Provide the output of `java -version` (e.g., OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM Temurin-21.0.3+9 build 21.0.3+9-LTS)
. Provide the name, version, and architecture of the operating system you are using (e.g., Ubuntu 24.04.1 LTS x86_64).

> . Provide the _complete_ list of installed plugins as suggested in the link:/doc/book/system-administration/diagnosing-errors/#how-to-report-a-bug[bug reporting guidelines].

Reviewer: When I clicked the "bug reporting guidelines" link, it followed a redirect but did not open to the location inside the page.

Avoid the redirect so that the page jumps directly to the location instead of redirecting and opening at the top of the page.
```suggestion
. Provide the _complete_ list of installed plugins as suggested in the link:/doc/book/troubleshooting/diagnosing-errors/#how-to-report-a-bug[bug reporting guidelines].
```
